# DMRVD(dual-modal raster-vector dataset)
DMRVD is an open-domain deep-learning-based dual-modal remote sensing dataset for terraced field vectorization extraction. DMRVD covers a total area of approximately 22441 km² across nine regions: Tonglu county in Zhejiang province, Qiaojia county, Ludian county in Yunnan province, Wudu District, Xihe County of Gansu Province, Wangcang County, Yanting County, Cangxi County and Jiuzhaigou County of Sichuan Provinc, China with 19330 remotely sensed imageries, 19330 DEMs and  371150  vectorized polygons. These research areas span different latitudes, have different climate types, and have varying natural geographic conditions and surface morphology, resulting in increased variability. These regions contain a rich variety of terraced fields with weak spatial correlation (i.e., significant spatial heterogeneity), which validates the generalizability of the research. 
# DMRVD Description
The remotely sensed imagery and DEM in the dataset are from Google Earth, with a resolution of 2m for the remotely sensed imagery and 12.5m for the DEM. All images are cropped to a size of 512 × 512 using sliding window cropping. The dataset consists of four folders, each corresponding to a category of data. Among them, the 'dem' folder contains DEM images as a modal input,'image' folder contains remotely sensed imageries as another modal input, 'label' folder contains the ground truth, 'shp' folder contains vectorized polygons. 
# Download DMRVD
Due to the large storage space occupied by the data, only images of Ludian county, Wudu district and Xihe county were uploaded to this address. Please download the images of  Wudu District, Xihe County, Wangcang County, Yanting County, Cangxi County and Jiuzhaigou County from [Google Cloud](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/11F39NBdd9E385U47Gd1DYaLMWlr1TlFz).
# Training, testing and validation sets 
The dataset can be partitioned into training, testing and validation sets as needed, according to specific requirements.
# Next Step
Stay informed, the ΩSFormer code will soon be released.
